# <h1>Javascript</h1>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/blob/main/Program%201>Program 1</a></h2>
<p>Javascript and HTML work together in this program to allow the user to enter an item cost in one textbox and a quantity purchased in a second textbox. When a generic button is clicked the total cost + 6% tax is displayed in a third text box.</p>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/blob/main/Program%202>Program 2</a></h2>
<p>A user enters an income value into a textbox, once the button is pressed the program takes the value from said textbox as input and calculates the tax due on that value and displays it for the user. Using IF-blocks, every possible income amount is covered and the correct amount of tax will always be given based on the calculations given to me.</p>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/blob/main/Program%203>Program 3</a></h2>
<p>In this program, when a button is clicked a function is called that generates an HTML table of miles per hour values and their equivalent kilometers per hour values on the page. The table itself and the values in it were generated by a loop using the array mph values given.</p>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/blob/main/Program%204>Program 4</a></h2>
<p>Taking an array of given object literals this program puts that data into an HTML table when the user clicks the button using DOM methods. Using a for-loop the table will also display calculated total costs of each item purchased in the array.</p>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/blob/main/Program%205>Program 5</a></h2>
<p>The user has an option of two buttons to choose from, one for CIT majors and the other for Business majors.  Once one or both of the buttons are clicked the user will receive a list of students information based by major. The index.html page makes an Ajax request that requests the JSON data and then converts the JSON data to a regular JavaScript array of objects. This array of objects then populates the Handlebars template and displays that data for the user on click.</p>

<h2><a href=https://github.com/cegano/Javascript/tree/main/program%206>Program 6</a></h2>
<p>In this program, the user is able to read traffic ticket data from a JSON file. Both HTML pages contain the links and script tags necessary for Bootstrap and Vue.js, as well as a Bootstrap navigation bar that allows navigating between the pages. The first page displays all of the data, the second page displays some of the data that has been filtered using a v-for loop.</p>
